---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-11T23:23:20.802Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-11T23:23:20.523Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-11-38b7b5df-808a-4ace-9ce6-e773cb6b36db.md
published: true
url: 38b7b5df-808a-4ace-9ce6-e773cb6b36db/index.html
_type: Article

---
Prepare 

To extend the life of your glamorous spray tan, it is important to prepare your skin before your appointment.
Do not shave or exfoliate within 6 hours of your appointment. Do not shave again until 24 hours after your appointment,
Avoid using moisturizers and lotions that are not specially formulated for sunless tanning (including products containing oils) before your sunless session. If it smells good, chuck it.
Avoid wearing perfumes or make-up that provides a barrier for absorption.
Wear loose-fitting clothing to your session.
Protect
Your tan will last anywhere from 4-7 days. To get the most out of your tan, remember to...
Wait at least 8-12 hours before bathing, swimming or coming in contact with water. If you have (or will be getting) a rapid tan, you must shower at the time specified by the spray tan artist depending on how dark you want your tan.
DO NOT use a loofah or washcloth while bathing- wash your body with hands ONLY.
Anytime you're wet from the shower, working out, pool, ocean, pat your body dry. Do not rub or wipe with the towel.
Moisturize daily with a post-sunless product (available at Tanique). Avoid products with AHA, oils, sulfates, parabens, and preservatives.
WEAR SUNBLOCK AND REAPPLY often if spending a prolonged period of time in sun exposure.
Drink plenty of water to keep your skin hydrated. Your skin is the largest organ of your body- take care of it!
Prolong
Extend your tan with any of the Sunless Tan Etenders available at Tanique. Don't forget to book your next appointment to maintain your gorgeous tan year-round!
Fully exfoliate your body with Tanique's Essentials Mitt before getting your next tan!