---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-12T15:42:57.635Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-12T15:42:57.139Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-12-8ca806e8-dd33-4f3f-a530-ee436d63ce1a.md
published: true
url: 8ca806e8-dd33-4f3f-a530-ee436d63ce1a/index.html
_type: Article

---
The Tanique Story 

Mia-Faire Williams is the Founder and President of Tanique. In 2007, Mia-Faire had a vision to bring safe, healthy tanning to her local community. Starting her career with Fantasy Tan, the creators of spray tanning, allowed her to train with the most knowledgeable and experienced spray tan artists in the industry at that time. It was love at first spray tan and a natural talent and eye for delivering flawless results that affirmed this was a career she'd never leave. The industry's rapid growth over the next five years allowed Mia-Faire to become an expert in her own right. She was continuously furthering her education, perfecting her craft and experimenting with new products and formulas in the quest to always have the best and highest quality tanning available. In 2012, Mia-Faire decided to address the growing desire to improve and preserve the appearance of the entire body. After almost three years of research and development she is ecstatic to debut Tanique as a national brand in 2015\. Her proprietary solution, Infusion, is the first of its kind; uniting science, skincare, and tanning. Infusion is a medical-grade, anti-aging, and skin-rejuvenating treatment and luxury all-natural, organic sunless tan in one innovative product.